Sightline description (#12916)
demisto/content: Packs/NetscoutArborSightline/Integrations/NetscoutArborSightline/README.md

### na-sightline-mitigation-create
***

> Add a TMS or flowspec mitigation with the attributes and relationships passed in the JSON sub_object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a TMS or flowspec mitigation with the attributes and relationships passed in the JSON subobject.
```
